docs: add version control updates to docs (#569)
fleek-platform/website: src/content/docs/ai-agents/index.mdx

<div className="my-12 bg-gray-dark-6 p-[1px]" />

> ## Eliza Version Control

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Eliza version control
```

> Fleek allows users to switch between different versions of Eliza while building AI agents. Through the **Agent Deployment Portal**, users can select a specific Eliza version and adapt their agent’s instance on Fleek’s virtual machines.

Reviewer: Relates to https://github.com/fleek-platform/website/pull/563#discussion_r1993417574

```suggestion
When building AI agents on Fleek, users can now toggle between various Eliza versions through the Agent deployment panel, enabling customization of their agent instances on Fleek's infrastructure.
```

> ### Supported Versions

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Supported versions
```

Fleek currently supports [Eliza v0.25.9](https://elizaos.github.io/eliza/docs/changelog/), [Eliza v0.1.9](https://elizaos.github.io/eliza/docs/changelog/#v019-2025-02-01), [Eliza v0.1.8](https://elizaos.github.io/eliza/docs/changelog/#v018-alpha1-january-31-2025) and [Eliza v0.1.7alpha2](https://elizaos.github.io/eliza/docs/changelog/#version-017-alpha2-2024-12-28).

> ### Switching Eliza Versions
> 
> To switch between Eliza versions:
> 
> 1. Visit [fleek.xyz/eliza/](https://fleek.xyz/eliza/).
> 2. Use the **dropdown toggle** to select the desired version.
> 3. Proceed with one of the [three deployment options](/docs/ai-agents/#deploy-ai-agents) on the Deployment Portal.
> 
> This flexibility allows developers to test, iterate, and deploy AI agents on the latest stable versions while maintaining compatibility.

Reviewer: See related https://github.com/fleek-platform/website/pull/563#discussion_r1993432161

```suggestion
### Switching between Eliza versions

When preparing to deploy an AI agent on Fleek, you can select the Eliza version by:

1. Visiting [fleek.xyz/eliza/](https://fleek.xyz/eliza/).
2. Using the **drop-down toggle** to select the desired version.
3. Proceeding with one of the [three deployment options](/docs/ai-agents/#deploy-ai-agents)

This provides greater control over testing, iterating, and deploying AI agents on the latest stable versions.
```
